Adds Timer Autostart step in Signals tutorial (#5146)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/step_by_step/signals.rst

.. image:: img/signals_15_scene_tree.png

> With Timer selected, go to the Inspector and check the `Autostart` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Timer node selected, go to the Inspector and check the **Autostart** property.
```
